I was a duck run cowboy you might say
because I had a little horse from the
time I was well first my first horse was
a mule
and then my dad bought me a little EXO
key racer and she was a terrific horses
her name was babe and I wrote her to
school on church and different places
and so that's why I learned to ride I
learned to ride bareback I never had a
saddle but I think that's probably the
best way to learn because you you get
the rhythm of the horse a lot quicker is
that tough I mean I'd be afraid that the
horse would be falling on top of me I
mean the very picture wearing thick well
not when you have a horse like trigger
he was one of the greatest horses I've
ever walked tonight I really appreciate
him he did all my TV series and all of
the pictures I made for theater and he
was just flawless and I just I couldn't
when I when I lost him in 1965 he was 33
years old and we made her pick he was 4
when I made my first picture and I was
26 so we kind of grew up together and I
spent all those years and he was even
just I can't say enough for him he was
just so there heaven for horses that's
where trigger is yeah but I couldn't I
just couldn't bury when I when this
happened to him when he died and I had
him beautifully mounted rare in all his
hind legs and he's downstairs here in
the museum's all I go down and and
really of some of my moments I had s
panty I can't wait to get down there and
see him was he trained when you got him
or did you train trigger so it was a
good Cal point when I got him he's
already broken so he could spin on a
dime and give you 9 cents change you
know one of those things he handled
himself very good and he was fast he was
half thoroughbred and he was just well
it wasn't anything wrong with him he
never did anything wrong he loved kids
he didn't like most stallions a lot of
nibble at your bite at you know but not
him he was something I was telling me
the story about the who was it that he
sold the horse to and the one that the
trainer called you up and asked whether
or not you ought to cut him you know he
said well it's you know Randy's decision
now and then Randy called you back up
and said he was still don't think he's
gonna do it but he he
you get a little mean you know the
status um some statutes do get the
mainland you know as they grew into
manhood and so I its his horse now
that's up to him if he wants to breed
him to some berries and things like that
he's a great grandson of trigger Junior